# Cluster

Definition of an _OpenShift_ cluster.  The `cloud_provider` attribute is a reference to the cloud provider. When a cluster is retrieved it will be a link to the cloud provider, containing only the kind, id and href attributes:  ```json {   \"cloud_provider\": {     \"kind\": \"CloudProviderLink\",     \"id\": \"123\",     \"href\": \"/api/clusters_mgmt/v1/cloud_providers/123\"   } } ```  When a cluster is created this is optional, and if used it should contain the identifier of the cloud provider to use:  ```json {   \"cloud_provider\": {     \"id\": \"123\",   } } ```  If not included, then the cluster will be created using the default cloud provider, which is currently Amazon Web Services.  The region attribute is mandatory when a cluster is created.  The `aws.access_key_id`, `aws.secret_access_key` and `dns.base_domain` attributes are mandatory when creation a cluster with your own Amazon Web Services account.

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**kind** | **str** | Indicates the type of this object. Will be &#39;Cluster&#39; if this is a complete object or &#39;ClusterLink&#39; if it is just a link. | [optional] 
**id** | **str** | Unique identifier of the object. | [optional] 
**href** | **str** | Self link. | [optional] 
**api** | [**ClusterAPI**](ClusterAPI.md) |  | [optional] 
**aws** | [**AWS**](AWS.md) |  | [optional] 
**aws_infrastructure_access_role_grants** | [**[AWSInfrastructureAccessRoleGrant]**](AWSInfrastructureAccessRoleGrant.md) | List of AWS infrastructure access role grants on this cluster. | [optional] 
**ccs** | [**CCS**](CCS.md) |  | [optional] 
**dns** | [**DNS**](DNS.md) |  | [optional] 
**fips** | **bool** | Create cluster that uses FIPS Validated / Modules in Process cryptographic libraries. | [optional] 
**gcp** | [**GCP**](GCP.md) |  | [optional] 
**gcp_network** | [**GCPNetwork**](GCPNetwork.md) |  | [optional] 
**additional_trust_bundle** | **str** | Additional trust bundle. | [optional] 
**addons** | [**[AddOnInstallation]**](AddOnInstallation.md) | List of add-ons on this cluster. | [optional] 
**billing_model** | [**BillingModel**](BillingModel.md) |  | [optional] 
**cloud_provider** | [**CloudProvider**](CloudProvider.md) |  | [optional] 
**console** | [**ClusterConsole**](ClusterConsole.md) |  | [optional] 
**creation_timestamp** | **datetime** | Date and time when the cluster was initially created, using the format defined in [RFC3339](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3339.txt). | [optional] 
**disable_user_workload_monitoring** | **bool** | Indicates whether the User workload monitoring is enabled or not It is enabled by default | [optional] 
**display_name** | **str** | Name of the cluster for display purposes. It can contain any characters, including spaces. | [optional] 
**etcd_encryption** | **bool** | Indicates whether that etcd is encrypted or not. This is set only during cluster creation. | [optional] 
**expiration_timestamp** | **datetime** | Date and time when the cluster will be automatically deleted, using the format defined in [RFC3339](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3339.txt). If no timestamp is provided, the cluster will never expire.  This option is unsupported. | [optional] 
**external_id** | **str** | External identifier of the cluster, generated by the installer. | [optional] 
**external_configuration** | [**ExternalConfiguration**](ExternalConfiguration.md) |  | [optional] 
**flavour** | [**Flavour**](Flavour.md) |  | [optional] 
**groups** | [**[Group]**](Group.md) | Link to the collection of groups of user of the cluster. | [optional] 
**health_state** | [**ClusterHealthState**](ClusterHealthState.md) |  | [optional] 
**hypershift** | [**HyperShift**](HyperShift.md) |  | [optional] 
**identity_providers** | [**[IdentityProvider]**](IdentityProvider.md) | Link to the collection of identity providers of the cluster. | [optional] 
**inflight_checks** | [**[InflightCheck]**](InflightCheck.md) | List of inflight checks on this cluster. | [optional] 
**ingresses** | [**[Ingress]**](Ingress.md) | List of ingresses on this cluster. | [optional] 
**load_balancer_quota** | **int** | Load Balancer quota to be assigned to the cluster. | [optional] 
**machine_pools** | [**[MachinePool]**](MachinePool.md) | List of machine pools on this cluster. | [optional] 
**managed** | **bool** | Flag indicating if the cluster is managed (by Red Hat) or self-managed by the user. | [optional] 
**managed_service** | [**ManagedService**](ManagedService.md) |  | [optional] 
**multi_az** | **bool** | Flag indicating if the cluster should be created with nodes in different availability zones or all the nodes in a single one randomly selected. | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | Name of the cluster. This name is assigned by the user when the cluster is created. | [optional] 
**network** | [**Network**](Network.md) |  | [optional] 
**node_drain_grace_period** | [**Value**](Value.md) |  | [optional] 
**nodes** | [**ClusterNodes**](ClusterNodes.md) |  | [optional] 
**openshift_version** | **str** | Version of _OpenShift_ installed in the cluster, for example &#x60;4.0.0-0.2&#x60;.  When retrieving a cluster this will always be reported.  When provisioning a cluster this will be ignored, as the version to deploy will be determined internally. | [optional] 
**product** | [**Product**](Product.md) |  | [optional] 
**properties** | **{str: (str,)}** | User defined properties for tagging and querying. | [optional] 
**provision_shard** | [**ProvisionShard**](ProvisionShard.md) |  | [optional] 
**proxy** | [**Proxy**](Proxy.md) |  | [optional] 
**region** | [**CloudRegion**](CloudRegion.md) |  | [optional] 
**state** | [**ClusterState**](ClusterState.md) |  | [optional] 
**status** | [**ClusterStatus**](ClusterStatus.md) |  | [optional] 
**storage_quota** | [**Value**](Value.md) |  | [optional] 
**subscription** | [**Subscription**](Subscription.md) |  | [optional] 
**version** | [**Version**](Version.md) |  | [optional] 
**any string name** | **bool, date, datetime, dict, float, int, list, str, none_type** | any string name can be used but the value must be the correct type | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


